## SSENSE/vue-carousel - CONTRIBUTING.md
There was a great set of guidelines for contributing such as “Squash your commits”, “Branch naming conventions” and “Commit Message Format”.  
It wasn’t quite as full as I expected it to be but concise is much better.  
What I learned from this particute CONTRIBUTING.md was:  
**General advice:**  
* Non-trivial changes should be discussed in an issue first  
* Develop in a topic branch, not master  
* Squash your commits  


**Branch Naming Conventions such as:**  
* Use grouping tokens (words) at the beginning of your branch names. Example:  
```
wip       Works in progress; stuff we know won't be finished soon  
feat      Feature I'm adding or expanding  
bug       Bug fix or experiment  
junk      Throwaway branch created to experiment
```  
* Define and use short lead tokens to differentiate branches in a way that is meaningful to your workflow.  
* Use slashes to separate parts of your branch names.  
* Do not use bare numbers as leading parts.  
* Avoid long descriptive names for long-lived branches.  

**Commit Message Format**  
```  
<type>(<scope>): <subject>  
```  
**Example:**  
```  
#271 feat(standard): add style config and refactor to match  
#270 fix(config): only override publicPath when served by webpack   
#269 feat(eslint-config-defaults): replace eslint-config-airbnb  
```  
**And how Type was one of the following:**  
* **feat**: A new feature  
* **fix**: A bug fix  
* **docs**: Documentation only changes  
* **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)  
* **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug or adds a feature  
* **test**: Adding missing tests  
* **chore**: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation generatio


## Validator.js - Contributing  

This was another short and consise guidline, very basic instructions that broke down as follows  

1. Fork the repo on GitHub
2. Clone the project to your own machine
3. Work on your fork
   * Make your changes and additions
       * Most of your changes should be focused on src/ and test/ folders and/or README.md.
       * Files such as validator.js, validator.min.js and files in lib/ folder are autogenerated when running tests (npm test) and need not to be changed manually.
  * Change or add tests if needed
  * Run tests and make sure they pass
  * Add changes to README.md if needed
4. Commit changes to your own branch
5. Make sure you merge the latest from "upstream" and resolve conflicts if there is any
6. Repeat step 3(3) above
7. Push your work back up to your fork
8. Submit a Pull request so that we can review your changes

### The work I intend to do:  
**Summary of the issue**  
The issue presented was one of not having all possible country mobile phone validations.  
Currently there are 156 listed out of 195.  
My plan is to parse the current courntry and codes for them listed and find the ones that are missing.  
After that I plan to learn exactly how to add that code for the missing courntries and add at least one.  
**Link to issue**  
https://github.com/validatorjs/validator.js/issues/1761  


**Link to external communtiy project**  
https://github.com/validatorjs/validator.js  



